h1. SoundCloud PHP API wrapper

A minimalistic API wrapper for "SoundCloud":http://soundcloud.com/ written in PHP.
Inspired by "tcdent":http://github.com/tcdent "Twitter API class":http://github.com/tcdent/php-twitter/.

So far the supported and tested methods are comments, users and tracks.
All methods will be supported in the near future.

h2. Example of usage

All responses are XML-formated. I would recommend SimpleXMLElement to parse them.

h3. Users

<pre>
<code>
<?php
$soundcloud = new Soundcloud('username', 'password');

// Get the authenticated user.
$soundcloud->me->basic();

// Get the authenticated user comments.
$soundcloud->me->comments();

// Get the authenticated user contacts.
$soundcloud->me->contacts();

// Add a new contact.
$soundcloud->me->contacts(
  array(
    'contact_id' => 1,
    'put' => TRUE
  )
);

// Delete a contact.
$soundcloud->me->contacts(
  array(
    'contact_id' => 1,
    'delete' => TRUE
  )
);

// Get the authenticated user tracks.
$soundcloud->me->tracks();

// Get the authenticated user fans.
$soundcloud->me->fans();

// Get the authenticated user favorites.
$soundcloud->me->favorites();

// Add a new favorite track.
$soundcloud->me->favorites(
  array(
    'track_id' => 1,
    'put' => TRUE
  )
);

// Delete a favorite track.
$soundcloud->me->favorites(
  array(
    'track_id' => 1,
    'delete' => TRUE
  )
);
?>
</code>
</pre>
Note that you can perform most of these actions with other users.
This is done by replacing "me" with users and simply add the key "user_id" to the array of arguments.
Here's an example.
<pre>
<code>
<?php
$soundcloud->users->tracks(
  array(
    'user_id' => 1
  )
);
?>
</code>
</pre>

h3. Tracks

<pre>
<code>
<?php
$soundcloud = new Soundcloud('username', 'password');

// Search for tracks.
$soundcloud->tracks->basic(
  array(
    'query' => array(
      'filter' => 'downloadable',
      'orderby' => 'hotness'
    )
  )
);

// Get the given track.
$soundcloud->tracks->basic(
  array(
    'track_id' => 1
  )
);

// Upload a new track.
$soundcloud->tracks->basic(
  array(
    'post' => TRUE,
    'fields' => array(
      'track[title]' => 'API calling',
      'track[asset_data]' => '@my_track.mp3'
    )
  )
);

// Update a track.
$soundcloud->tracks->basic(
  array(
    'put' => TRUE,
    'track_id' => 1,
    'fields' => array(
      'track[downloadable]' => 'true'
    )
  )
);

// Delete a track.
$soundcloud->tracks->basic(
  array(
    'delete' => TRUE,
    'track_id' => 1
  )
);

// Get a track comments.
$soundcloud->tracks->comments(
  array(
    'track_id' => 1
  )
);

// Post a new comment to the given track.
$soundcloud->tracks->comments(
  array(
    'post' => TRUE,
    'track_id' => 1,
    'fields' => array(
      'comment[body]' => 'Awesome track!'
    )
  )
);
?>
</code>
</pre>

h3. Comments

<pre>
<code>
<?php
$soundcloud = new Soundcloud('username', 'password');

// Get the given comment.
$soundcloud->comments->basic(
  array(
    'comment_id' => 1
  )
);

// Delete the given comment.
$soundcloud->comments->basic(
  array(
    'delete' => TRUE,
    'comment_id' => 1
  )
);
?>
</code>
</pre>